Hello Matthew yesterday you explained the good
school the country we are the students
who mobilized on 5 May
last along with their teachers i
own parents and the whole world
education
then in recent days we have been
summoned but facing our own
critical issues and our concerns on
this bill
the openings were only for the facade
and there was no real listening because
obviously the real problems with this
bill do not want to discuss them for
we are the first problems
all but called nominative of the
teachers who see the freedom of
teaching creates six- year schools e
series schools d
and there is a strong risk that it creates
clientelarism therefore reads freedom
of learning and creates inequality
for us students it is a problem a
serious problem
the second theme is the theme of law
to the study and resources they need
to be guaranteed this to today in
2015 in Italy a vibo student
valentia does not have the same possibility
economic to remain in the channels
formative of a student of Treviso the
national law is a condition
necessary but not sufficient and for
to be such must be adequately
funded is a shame that in this
country
in the face of rising interest rates
school dropout was not one
real priority
so far the third theme is the
rating
we want to evaluate why we believe
that evaluating means finding the
weaknesses within ours
schools and improve the quality of
didactics
we want to do it together with all
actors in the school world
our teachers the technicians of
Lab our parents
the prices we believe the evaluation
he was about to improve and not to punish
that's why we don't want to decide
salary of our professors or not
we don't even want the tools to
to do it
however, it leaves us very perplexed
that a single person maybe in prices
they can do it arbitrarily
the fourth point is the privatization of
funding
we believe that public school is
public and should rival republic e
we reject the idea that this must be
co-financed by private funding
such as
happens in the case of the school bonus
this creates inequality compromises
freedom of teaching e
learning and above all lite
school autonomy the fifth theme
tools second to themselves 5 per
a thousand for example will make them rich are
legal schools and poor more and more
poor and lonely the poorest schools
those that are already in this moment
the alternation made in this way does not give
the same possibilities for a student of
power and a student from Milan the
called nominative law school bonus no
finance the right to study everything
the bill is based on an idea
which creates inequality